README.md, before:

# LiveColor 

<img align="right" height="222" width="222" src="https://github.com/TheBrows/LiveColor/blob/master/app/src/main/res/drawable/livecolor_logo.png">

## About 🌈

The aim of this app is to provide the user with all of their color-picking needs on the go. All it takes to get started is simply uploading a photo from your mobile device's camera roll.  From there you'll be able to pick and save colors directly from your own photos! Save your favorite colors, design your own palettes, generate complex harmonies, and even edit colors! 

### Color Picking

Color Picking |
:-------------------------:|:-------------------------:|:-------------------------:
<img height="322" src="https://tielm1997.github.io/LiveColor_Website/1-colorpicking.png"> | <img height="322" src="https://tielm1997.github.io/LiveColor_Website/2-colorpicking.png"> | <img height="322" src="https://tielm1997.github.io/LiveColor_Website/3-colorpicking.png">
:-------------------------:|:-------------------------:|:-------------------------:
Begin by clicking the Add Image button. Then either take a photo with your device or upload a photo from your photo gallery. | After selecting the desired color by tapping the image, press the Save Color button to save the color. | Then click the Saved Colors icon on the bottom bar in order to see all the colors you have saved.

### Color Info

<img height="322" src="https://tielm1997.github.io/LiveColor_Website/1-colorinfo.png"> | <img height="322" src="https://tielm1997.github.io/LiveColor_Website/2-colorpicking.png"> | <img height="322" src="https://tielm1997.github.io/LiveColor_Website/3-colorinfo.png">
:-------------------------:|:-------------------------:|:-------------------------:
To view the color info for the currently selected color, click on the Info icon in the color description. To see color info for colors you have already saved, go to your Saved Colors. | Once in your Saved Colors simply tap on a color to view its Color Info. | From here you can view and edit your colors in HEX, RGB, and HSV.

## Installation

Find us on the Play Store!

## Sources
[Color Names](https://github.com/meodai/color-names#about-)\
[Touch View](https://github.com/MikeOrtiz/TouchImageView)

Commit message:

Updated README docs. Would be easier to just draft up and proofread the text with everyone else.

README.md, after:

# LiveColor 

<img align="right" height="222" width="222" src="https://github.com/TheBrows/LiveColor/raw/master/app/src/main/res/drawable/livecolor_logo.png">

## 🌈About

The aim of this app is to provide the user with all of their color-picking needs on the go. All it takes to get started is simply uploading a photo from your mobile device's camera roll.  From there you'll be able to pick and save colors directly from your own photos! Save your favorite colors, design your own palettes, generate complex harmonies, and even edit colors! 

### Color Picking

<img height="322" src="https://tielm1997.github.io/LiveColor_Website/1-colorpicking.png"> | <img height="322" src="https://tielm1997.github.io/LiveColor_Website/2-colorpicking.png"> | <img height="322" src="https://tielm1997.github.io/LiveColor_Website/3-colorpicking.png">
:-------------------------:|:-------------------------:|:-------------------------:
Begin by clicking the Add Image button. Then either take a photo with your device or upload a photo from your photo gallery. | After selecting the desired color by tapping the image, press the Save Color button to save the color. | Then click the Saved Colors icon on the bottom bar in order to see all the colors you have saved.

### Color Info

<img height="322" src="https://tielm1997.github.io/LiveColor_Website/1-colorinfo.png"> | <img height="322" src="https://tielm1997.github.io/LiveColor_Website/2-colorpicking.png"> | <img height="322" src="https://tielm1997.github.io/LiveColor_Website/3-colorinfo.png">
:-------------------------:|:-------------------------:|:-------------------------:
To view the color info for the currently selected color, click on the Info icon in the color description. To see color info for colors you have already saved, go to your Saved Colors. | Once in your Saved Colors simply tap on a color to view its Color Info. | From here you can view and edit your colors in HEX, RGB, and HSV.

### Color Editing

### Palettes

### Generating Harmonies

<img height="322" src="https://tielm1997.github.io/LiveColor_Website/1-colorharmonies.png"> | <img height="322" src="https://tielm1997.github.io/LiveColor_Website/colorharmonies.gif"> | <img height="322" src="https://tielm1997.github.io/LiveColor_Website/colorharmonies.gif">
:-------------------------:|:-------------------------:|:-------------------------:
Navigate to the Color Info of your desired color. Once there, tap the "VIEW COLOR HARMONIES" button on the bottom. | Scroll through our many automatically generated harmonies. If you find one you like, simply tap on it to display all the colors in the harmony. | From here, you can look at the info for any of the colors in the palette as you would for any other color! If you like the palette and want to save it, you can hit the save button in the top right corner and set a name for your new palette.

## Installation

Find us on the Google Play Store!

## Sources

This app wouldn't be so wonderful without the generous open source libraries that we use! Have a look at our [Libraries]() to see what we used!
